bz1656397 amended backup and recovery steps for clarity (#16086)
openshift/openshift-docs: day_two_guide/topics/proc_backing-up-master.adoc

You must perform the following steps on each master node.
====

> . Create a backup of the pod definitions, located xref:../day_two_guide/topics/proc_backing-up-etcd.adoc[here].

Reviewer: no xrefs in modules

Reviewer 2: @kalexand-rh it is for 3.11 so it should be ok to have xrefs in modules.

Reviewer 2: @sheriff-rh I believe the issue is that you are linking to a module, and not to the assembly. The module doesn't exist by itself so the build is failing. 

You probably need to replace this with:

```suggestion
. Create a backup of the pod definitions, located xref:../day_two_guide/environment_backup.adoc#backing-up-etcd_environment-backup[here].
```
Trying the new suggested feature to see if you can simply accept the change without needing to re-push. :)
